Update remaining docs for Operator v2alpha1 spec (#17623)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/guide/cluster_agent_autoscaling_metrics.md

1. Kubernetes >v1.10: you must register the External Metrics Provider resource against the API server.
2. Enable the Kubernetes [aggregation layer][3].
3. A valid [Datadog API Key **and** Application Key][8].

### Installation

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Helm" %}}

> To enable the external metrics server with your Cluster Agent in Helm, update your [values.yaml][1] file with the following configurations. Provide a valid Datadog API Key, Application Key, and set the `clusterAgent.metricsProvider.enabled` to `true`. Once done redeploy your Datadog Helm chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the external metrics server with your Cluster Agent in Helm, update your [values.yaml][1] file with the following configurations. Provide a valid Datadog API Key, Application Key, and set the `clusterAgent.metricsProvider.enabled` to `true`. Then redeploy your Datadog Helm chart:
```

This automatically updates the necessary RBAC configurations and sets up the corresponding `Service` and `APIService` for Kubernetes to use.

> The keys can alternatively be set by referencing the names of pre-created `Secrets` containing the data keys `api-key` and `app-key`  with the configurations `datadog.apiKeyExistingSecret` and `datadog.appKeyExistingSecret`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The keys can alternatively be set by referencing the names of pre-created `Secrets` containing the data keys `api-key` and `app-key` with the configurations `datadog.apiKeyExistingSecret` and `datadog.appKeyExistingSecret`.
```

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/helm-charts/blob/master/charts/datadog/values.yaml
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Operator" %}}

To enable the external metrics server with your Cluster Agent managed by the Datadog Operator, first [set up the Datadog Operator][1]. Then, provide a valid Datadog API Key, Application Key, and set the `features.externalMetricsServer.enabled` to `true` in your `DatadogAgent` custom resource:

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v2alpha1
  kind: DatadogAgent
  metadata:
    name: datadog
  spec:
    global:
      credentials:
        apiKey: <DATADOG_API_KEY>
        appKey: <DATADOG_API_KEY>

>       externalMetricsServer:

Reviewer 2: this should be under the feature field
```
  features:
    externalMetricsServer:
      enabled: true
      useDatadogMetrics: false
```

        enabled: true
  ```

The Operator automatically updates the necessary RBAC configurations and sets the corresponding `Service` and `APIService` for Kubernetes to use.

The keys can alternatively be set by referencing the names of pre-created `Secrets` and the data keys storing your Datadog API and Application Keys.
  ```yaml
  apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v2alpha1
  kind: DatadogAgent
  metadata:
    name: datadog
  spec:
    global:
      credentials:
        apiSecret:
          secretName: <SECRET_NAME>
          keyName: <KEY_FOR_DATADOG_API_KEY>
        appSecret:
          secretName: <SECRET_NAME>
          keyName: <KEY_FOR_DATADOG_APP_KEY>

> 

Reviewer 2: same as above, missing `features`

Author: Fixed

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Operator" %}}

To activate the usage of the `DatadogMetric` CRD update your `DatadogAgent` custom resource and set `features.externalMetricsServer.useDatadogMetrics` to `true`.

  ```yaml
  kind: DatadogAgent
  apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v2alpha1
  metadata:
    name: datadog
  spec:
    global:

>       #(...)

Reviewer 2: why not leaving the app/api fields?
